# Covid Deaths by Race Python Script - Assignment Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning

# Last year (2020), the COVID-19 pandemic started. People have had to face the death of many around the world because of the virus. The United States is a country that is full of people from different backgrounds. Non-Hispanic White, Black, American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander or Hispanic people. It is well known that some races have been more affected by the virus in the last year. Some factors increase the probability of people getting infected by the virus; Some examples:  Work type, community, or lifestyle. Factors that we may say are related to race. 

# With this analysis, I want to see the races/ethnicities or community types that were more affected by the virus in the last year regarding the number of deaths. The dataset that I chose contains data from January 1, 2020, to March 13, 2021, about the number of deaths by country and race of the United States. Also, it contains specific numbers concerning COVID-19 deaths per county. By applying Machine Learning to this dataset, we can conclude what races are the most affected in the United States with the virus in terms of deaths. Based on the results regarding the communities affected the most, I will create an online app with personalized tips based on their lifestyle and community to decrease the probabilities for those communities to get infected. The app will get information about the community, and it will offer the personalized content.
